It's vital that each of us know how to find spiritual food,
whether it's through a library of books, a computer,
or a handheld device.
But the availability of spiritual food is not enough.
We must also learn how to make effective use
of the tools we have.
Pay close attention and be reminded of how
three of our research tools can be used
when we need to find spiritual treasures.
As Jehovah's people, we often find ourselves
in situations that may require us to do research.
For example, isn't that a lovely thought?
But personally, I pray to the saints.
They really do help me.
What do you think about praying to the saints?
That's a really interesting question.
I know we have some information on that.
Perhaps I could come back in a couple of days
and we could discuss that together.
Open up your textbooks, turn to page 26.
And we all know that evolution is a trusted scientific theory.
And it is well supported by the fossil records.
How to identify the true religion?
Where do I start?
At times like these, what are some basic research techniques
that can help us?
Let's take a look at our available research tools.
Watch Tower Library.
Research Guide and Watch Tower Online Library.
And the JW Library app.
Each of these has unique features that can help us
in a variety of ways.
The Watch Tower Library program is very easy to use.
Simply type in a word in the search field.
And you will see a vast amount of references
listed for that subject.
If you wish to see the very latest information,
simply click on the Year tab.
Or for easy viewing, you can categorize all the references
by clicking on the category tab at the bottom.
A nice feature of this tool is that you don't need
an internet connection to access it.
Have you had a chance to use our Research Guide?
While this tool doesn't list every subject
that has been discussed in our publications,
the topics that are listed contain the most current references.
Each topic links you directly to the appropriate article
on the Watch Tower Online Library.
If you wanted to do an additional search
using Watch Tower Online Library,
simply click on the Watch Tower symbol
in the upper left-hand corner
and enter your desired topic.
A great mobile research tool is our JW Library app.
Under the Publications tab,
it has a growing number of publications and videos to choose from.
Each of these can be downloaded to your mobile device
for quick offline access.
But suppose you're thinking of a specific scripture
and can't remember the exact verse.
No problem.
The JW Library app can help again.
Navigate to the search icon shown on the homepage
and type in a keyword.
To refine the search,
multiple keywords can be entered.
Yes, young and old can take advantage
of these excellent research tools
to help find satisfying answers.
Improving our ability to do research
strengthens our relationship with Jehovah
so that we may be fully competent,
completely equipped for every good work.
So let's make good use of our research tools.
Did you see something that could help you
in your spiritual studies?
As an example,
why not use the Research Guide
in the Watch Tower Online Library
for an answer to your question?